 On the way to the Soopers the droning of the garbage truck from the alley running parallel to her sidewalk curved around the buildings over to Maggie. Around 120 Hz. she guessed. At least when it wasn't moving. up to 300 when it moved it on to the next dumpster. Frankie would have mentioned something about the manner in which lower frequency sounds move thro0ugh the atmosphere and through the ground. Lower frequencies are much more difficult to localize. Their wavelength is so much longer that the ear just has a hard time processing, especially inside. It's a little easier outside, there are more audio context clus< like the resonalce of the bricks it bounces off and the wasy the sound changes as you pass by the spaces between building.s. It's so much louder when passing one o0f thse spaces that noone would question where it sws coming from. This happens a a level of conciousness a little above the level of just localizing audio input. Al ot of that processing relies on the time difference between the arrival of sound in one ear as opposed to the other. And that's just too fast for to practically observe with your conciousness. The combination of the visual timing and the sounds is a bit above that level. You can observe that happening without trouble, although you wouldn't obther most of the time anad just let the lower levels take care of it. Frankie always tried to get Maggie to observe those processes and wonder at their speed and usefullnes. Frankie seemed to have some way of bringing up the quick lower processes to the forefront of her mind when it suited her and lowering down others when she couldn't be bothered. Or atleast, that's how Frankie always made it seem. Frankie was ful of it. Dead now. The beeping of the truck's reverse has moved on to the end of the block, beating her to the store. She wondered if she'sd ever ed able to teach any of her students how to think more like Frankie. But maybe that wasn't going to do them any good anyways. Everything was wet. Spring was so noisy. Not just because the epople ansd the animals were finally moving around more that absolutely necessary, The ear muffs of winter were finally off and sound moved through the ait like an needy toddler that refused to just be alone for a minute.
She made it through the isles without thinking more than necessary. She wasn't even sure what she was putting in her cart but it would probably turn into enough dinners for the week. She was in the cleaning supplies isle. She probably needed dish detergent. There was also a small section for books and magaxines. She was holding a book, _I'll Tell You_. It told her that she'd already tried it her way and ti was time to stop that. She needed to try it the book's way. Just try it. I promise Maggie..
